add draft meetings with your manager section (#306)
dxw/playbook: playbook.md

- **Team improvement:** Have an idea that will help your team to work better? Use your manager as a sounding board to help you refine and implement your suggestion.
- **Self improvement:** Got a specific thing you’d like some help, coaching or feedback on? A technical skill or a soft skill? Your 1:1 is the place to bring it up. Remember that you can use the 1:1s that fall between career progression reviews to discuss any of the proficiencies you’re currently trying to level up on.
- **Personal issues:** Anything going on outside of work that’s affecting your wellbeing? Physical or mental illness, bereavement, family issues, stress? The more you can tell your manager, the more they can try to help, and make accommodations for you at work.
- **Interpersonal issues:** Having problems with a coworker? Your manager can help mediate or coach you through how to deal with the issue.
- **Retrospection:** If at any time you feel like your 1:1s aren’t particularly productive or helpful, or you’d like to change something about them, don’t hesitate to bring this up with your manager.

#### Frequency

> 1:1s will be in your calendar every other week. Where possible they’ll be face-to-face, either in the office or out for a walk, or a coffee. Where that’s not possible, remote is perfectly fine. There’ll always be a Google Meet link in the calendar invite.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1:1s should happen at least once per fortnight. Where possible they’ll be face-to-face, either in the office or out for a walk, or a coffee. Where that’s not possible, remote is perfectly fine. There’ll always be a Google Meet link in the calendar invite.
```

> If you need to reschedule your 1:1, let your manager know at the earliest opportunity.

Reviewer: Something about the other way around, too. Managers should let their reports know if they need to change it, too.
